Do you think that television has had an effect on your use of leisure time over the years?
Oh yes, definitely. Without a doubt.
Yes.
We do see we select the viewers,
because quite often we don't often put the television on until 9 o'clock,
but television does play a very important part in our lives.
There's no doubt about it.
I think it plays an important part in everybody's lives.
I think anybody who says it doesn't are kidding themselves.
Because Wendy knows I'm an avid news watcher.
I must have this 6 o'clock or 10 o'clock news on.
And when I knock it off, I'm depressed.
And of all the things that you've seen over the years,
what has left the greatest impression on you?
Oh, it's got to be Mandela.
We had the pleasure last year of going to the British Lines.
And we went up to Robben Island.
The moment we arrived there,
Wend started crying,
and didn't stop crying until we got off,
until we got back on the boat.
And I wasn't far behind.
But that day when he walked free,
oh dear me,
that will be everlasting.
And it's cemented now,
because we've been there,
and we actually went to the cell,
where he spent all his years.
We've had the background of all that he did,
the background of all that he stood for,
all the things he refused,
because they couldn't break him.
And when we found out that they offered him this,
that and the other,
he said,
no, no, no,
offer it to us all on nothing.
Oh, the character of the man,
the principle of the man.
And because we've been there as well,
it's just there now.
Whenever you see that walk now,
oh, boy, oh boy,
it gets better and better.
But there's another as well,
I think,
that had an impact,
a similar thing,
great man,
JFK.
You know,
the time he got shot,
we all know where we were,
I certainly knew where I was.
And that,
as a teenager,
had a very big effect.
And I couldn't get enough of watching it,
because I never,
ever subscribed to the theory
of the assassination.
You know,
and we'll never know the truth.
I'd love to,
but we never will.
But that,
again,
the mystery of surrounding it as well,
has added to it.
But the assassination of Kennedy,
as a teenager,
oh,
dear me,
huge impact,
huge impact.
He's our hero.
You know,
a young man,
taking charge of the world,
assassinated,
and then all the plots,
and counter plots,
that came after it,
kept the news going for years,
and years,
and then theories come out.
So we've never lost it.
Never lost it.
But,
and two great men.
But I think Mandela more than anything else,
because we've,
our friend,
actually met him.
And you've got a photograph
on his wall with Mandela,
so,
and the greatness of the man himself.